Home:
  pets in SHC video -
  Watch this video to learn more about the SHC and the pets that reside in it!

  Site description -
  This website is made for MSU co-opers of the past, present, and future, or just
  your regular animal lover.
  Feel free to browse the animals that live in each house, look through different
  species pages, or submit a profile for your own pet.

  SHC description -
  "The Michigan State University Student Housing Cooperative (MSU SHC) is a
  non-profit organization providing a low-cost housing option for students at
  MSU and surrounding schools.
  There are more than 200 members in 15 houses across the East Lansing area.
  Houses vary from five to 29 members, each with their own character and history. " -msu.coop

  Menu:
    Houses
    Species
    News
    Contact Us
    Instructions

Cats -
This page contains all of the cat profiles for every house.
Comment a story about any cat that you know.
If your cat isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Dogs -
This page contains all of the dog profiles for every house.
Comment a story about any dog that you know.
If your dog isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Rodents -
This page contains all of the rodent profiles for every house.
Comment a story about any rodent that you know.
If your rodent isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Reptiles -
This page contains all of the reptile profiles for every house.
Comment a story about any reptile that you know.
If your reptile isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Other species -
This page contains all of the other profiles for every house.
Comment a story about any non-cat, non-dog, non-rodent, non-reptile
animal that you know.
If your other animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Apollo -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for Apollo.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your Apollo animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Beal -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for Beal.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your Beal animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Bower -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for Bower.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your Bower animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Bowie -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for Bowie.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your Bowie animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Ferency -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for Ferency.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your Ferency animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Hedrick -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for Hedrick.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your Hedrick animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Howland -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for Howland.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your Howland animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Miles Davis -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for Miles Davis.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your Miles Davis animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

New Community -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for New Community.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your New Community animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Orion -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for Orion.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your Orion animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Phoenix -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for Phoenix.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your Phoenix animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Raft Hill -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for Raft Hill.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your Raft Hill animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Toad Lane -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for Toad Lane.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your Toad Lane animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Vesta -
This page contains all of the animal profiles for Vesta.
Comment a story about any animal that you know.
If your Vesta animal isn't displayed here, submit a profile for them.

Animal profile:
  Name
  Owner
  Residence
  Bio
  Comments

Submit:
  Name
  Owner
  Residence
  Bio

News -
  Updates about the SHC
  Updates about this site

Contact Us -
  For more information, or to report issues, please contact us!
